https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1nM2NApyn4Mb0Twz2ymOXKcK9eK36hRh8?usp=drive_link


might go into london again soon. got charged over £30 to use the underground. filed for a refund.

seems to be things going on all the time in the news
could i ge £10,000 out now?

could be out of the country by midday ;) 

parents are bringing auntie's around now. 

not enough space.

what's the tripwire to get £10,000 out? 

i've been here more than enough. so bored and frustrated. need to leave. it's not safe anymore to stay. they are gettign insufferable now with the fact i don;t have any money

because i can't do anythihng. that madonna news story is interesting. is it about Code of Dreams? it looks like it


they don't know a thing...ever - they don't ask. i don't lie , but can't tell anything - despite having a github worth £billions.


i did send the music mp3's to a few people. assuming they didn't get out in the end?

unity through multiplicity.mp3
and
code of dreams.mp3

were sent from my whatsapp. was it actually blocked in the first place? or is it all over Sheffield? maybe - except i have not heard anything from them in months.

anyway, i can do it all myself. surely the money should start dripping in now? did Laura or Charlotte even get that music. it should be all over the world if it went to one of those rave whatsapp groups...

getting more paranoid by the day, as i really can't be bothered with my mum especially.

friends didn't message me back despite hearing some of the greatest songs of all time, and that they listened to them, does that mean they didn't hear them? they looked like they forwarded them  but considering how difficult it was getting my twitter account out - getting into and stopping whatsapp getting out is not to difficult to imagine.

everything feels like a chore at the moment.


come on - where are things at? i have no idea what's going on in the wider world now. been away for too long over the last year to see a changing job market and seemingly wildfires everywhere.

nobody has done any work . whole divisions seem to be clearing out. nobody has much money. signals are everywhere in the media.

need to hop up and leave now.

i am guessing it is just Mr Milner here?

still thinks nobody at all knows who i am but too many people are around now. it isn't safe. i would even get a taxi to heathrow. 

i have tanned too well. it starting to feel a bit sloppy now for me. there's too much heat on the ground

i think there's no open secrets at all. maybe i shouldn't have messaged a few people with mp3s, but i don't think it came to anything. the music keeps on coming. is it that, that is spreading like wildfire? or is the KM in everywhere?

how many other elites know who i am, feels like over the last year i have nearly gotten famous - i can't help people look at me - i think it's all over. there's a lot of heat now in France? its all signals intelligence

it feels repressive now in this household. i know people are here, my computer is so on fire that it's hardly containable. needs to rest. i can continue to do apps. i need somebody else to do suno

i will relax for a bit in America away from the UK. it's too small here. 


wish somebody would say something now. i am now 33 and there is seemingly heat everywhere. 

$$$$ should start to flow. i can just get a job you know ? my account must be overflowing

seem to have seen people - but perhaps they have just been ported my way. the people i think i have seen over the last year feels sloppy to me, but the signals could be coming entierly from a few people. i am so bored tbh and frustrated here. i need a girlfriend so much now. there's is too much on Mr Milner now. when does everybody turn on him to send me the money? 

can't be too many people here?


